README.md, before:

Designemplate
=============

A stylish CSS template for rapid development.

Purpose
=============

Ever needed to quickly develop a basic webpage? Ever needed to develop a basic "Under Maintenance" page? Designemplate allows the developer to quickly develop small webpages without having to worry about aesthetics. You simply copy in Designemplate, tell it what you want and you're good to go!

Getting started
=============

1) To get started with Designemplate, first simply download a zip copy of this repo.

2) Next, extract the zip and read through the licence (it's a MIT licence if you need to save time).

3) Copy both designemplate and the licence into your project

4) Link the stylesheet in your HTML document

How to use
=============

Using Designemplate is similar to writing your CSS yourself, just a lot easier and a lot quicker. Designemplate is a great tool for basic webpages or the starting point for a full blown site. You can control how things look (to a degree), without having to learn design :mortar_board:. Designemplate has all the spacing, responsive design, colours, features and more. All you have to do, is tell it what you want.

< Head over to the wiki for more... >

Commit message:

Updated README.md with a to-do list and more...

README.md, after:

Designemplate
=============

A stylish CSS template for rapid development.

Release date
=============

Designemplate version 1.0 is to be released on the 25th of April 2014

Purpose
=============

Ever needed to quickly develop a basic webpage? Ever needed to develop a basic "Under Maintenance" page? Designemplate allows the developer to quickly develop small webpages without having to worry about aesthetics. You simply copy in Designemplate, tell it what you want and you're good to go!

Getting started
=============

1. To get started with Designemplate, first simply download a zip copy of this repo.
2. Next, extract the zip and read through the licence (it's a MIT licence if you need to save time).
3. Copy both designemplate and the licence into your project
4. Link the stylesheet in your HTML document

How to use
=============

Using Designemplate is similar to writing your CSS yourself, just a lot easier and a lot quicker. Designemplate is a great tool for basic webpages or the starting point for a full blown site. You can control how things look (to a degree), without having to learn design :mortar_board:. Designemplate has all the spacing, responsive design, colours, features and more. All you have to do, is tell it what you want.

< Head over to the wiki for more... >

Features in the working
=============

- Improved responsive design
- Improved footer
- Improved header
- Classes for articles
- More colour options
- Better documentation via the wiki
- Classes for images
- Improved demo site (designemplate.e-neb.co.uk)
- Classes for buttons
- Classes for forms
